OSDOCS-16948#CQA work Stor4 - CSI Google Filestore Driver (#114604)
openshift/openshift-docs: storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-google-cloud-file.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="persistent-storage-csi-google-cloud-file"]
= {gcp-first} Filestore CSI Driver Operator
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: persistent-storage-csi-google-cloud-file

toc::[]

// TP features should be excluded from OSD and ROSA. When this feature is GA, it can be included in the OSD/ROSA docs, but with a warning that it is available as of version 4.x.

[role="_abstract"]

> The Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Filestore Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver Operator provision and manage GCP Filestore Storage in {product-title} with dynamic volume provisioning, eliminating the need to pre-provision storage.

Reviewer: Should this be plural?

```suggestion
The Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Filestore Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver Operator provisions and manages GCP Filestore Storage in {product-title} with dynamic volume provisioning, eliminating the need to pre-provision storage.
```

> [id="persistent-storage-csi-google-cloud-file-overview"]

Reviewer: Why is this ID here? There's already an ID for the module inside the module

* xref:../../storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi.adoc#persistent-storage-csi[Configuring CSI volumes]
ifndef::openshift-dedicated[]
[id="osdk-cco-gpc_{context}"]

> * xref:../../operators/operator_sdk/token_auth/osdk-cco-gcp.adoc[CCO-based workflow for OLM-managed Operators with {gcp-short} Workload Identity]

Author: The Vale error on line 52-53 about the anchor ID is a pre-existing issue in the main branch that my PR did not introduce. This section is part of a conditional  for OpenShift Dedicated. Since my changes don't touch this section, I've left it as-is. Please let me know if you'd like me to fix this pre-existing issue as part of this PR, or if it should be addressed separately.
